All righty so we're moving right along.
So in this video we'll cover steps six,
of laying out the form controls.
Basically, just kind of repeating the process
for the other roles for Last Name and Email.
And then also we'll add an event handler
for form submission.
Alrighty so let's kind of do more of the same.
So back in our checkout.component.html,
and we'll just do a little copy, paste on
some of the roles here.
So I'll just copy this row.
And then I'll just move down and I'll paste it, two times.
So we already have First Name.
That's in place,
and now we'll make use of, Last Name.
All right, so the second one here is Last Name.
Be sure to update the form controls to say, Last Name.
And now let's move down
and do a similar thing here for Email.
All right so that's our Email row.
Alrighty, so let's swing into our browser
and take a look at this and,
wow, looks good, I like it.
So we have our Customer, grouping here.
And we have First Name, Last Name and Email.
So this is great.
Okay one thing to notice here
is that our purchase button, doesn't really do anything.
We don't have any event handling on it yet.
We'll fix that right now.
So that's step seven of,
Adding an event handler for form submission.
So let's move back into our checkout component.ts.
And let's create a method, onSubmit,
and just for right now we'll keep it simple,
we'll simply just do a console.log.
And we'll simply say,
hey we're, "handling the form submission."
And then we'll simply do a console.log on the form data.
So I'll say, "Hey get the form group for Customer."
And let's get the actual value for that one,
and that's the information that we'll log.
Now we also need to update our checkout.component.html.
To actually call that given method right?
So we have a Submit button here,
but we need to some how hook the form
to that given method.
So for our form up top, we have,
ngSubmit so, for the ng, angular, submit event.
Then we'll call our method, onSubmit.
So our method name really could be, anything,
but, in our example we called it, onSubmit.
And so I'd have called the onSubmit,
from our initial component.ts file
Alrighty so let's swing over,
and let's test this out in our browser.
So, I will, open up our Dev Tools,
so we can see the Console logs.
I'll just add some sample data here.
And I'll hit purchase.
And, all right.
So, looking here at the bottom it says,
"Handling the submit button."
And we see the actual form data, as Jason.
Email, First Name, Last Name.
Looks good, I like it.
And remember we can also make a small mod.
So say for example you didn't want
all of the form data, you simply wanted a specific field,
well we can do that also.
So I'll just do a little copy, paste on this line.
And, out of the customer form I only want the email address.
I'll just add a little descriptive string upfront.
"The email address is."
Now let's swing back over to our browser.
And let's do a purchase.
And great, so that's that, new piece of information there.
The email address is john@test.com.
Okay great, we have the basics in place here
for doing form handling.
Now it's just more of the same of,
building out our form,
adding all the different groups and sections.
And then we'll do all the form processing,
in some upcoming videos.